docs(readme): add related project: lighthouse-viewer (#11250)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: readme.md

* **[lighthouse-mocha-example](https://github.com/rishichawda/lighthouse-mocha-example)** - Run Lighthouse performance tests with Mocha and chrome-launcher.
* **[lighthouse-monitor](https://github.com/verivox/lighthouse-monitor)** - Run Lighthouse against all your URLs. Send metrics to any backend you want, save all reports with automatic data retention, and compare any two results in a web UI.
* **[lighthouse-persist](https://github.com/foo-software/lighthouse-persist)** - Run Lighthouse and upload HTML reports to an AWS S3 bucket.

> * **[lighthouse-viewer](https://github.com/dvelasquez/lighthouse-viewer/tree/main/packages/lighthouse-viewer)** - Render a Lighthouse JSON report with Vanilla JS. This is just the original Lighthouse Reporter sourcecode packaged as UMD and ESM.

Reviewer: how about this?

```suggestion
* **[lighthouse-viewer](https://github.com/dvelasquez/lighthouse-viewer/tree/main/packages/lighthouse-viewer)** - Render the Lighthouse JSON into a report, using the Lighthouse Report Renderer repackaged as UMD and ESM. Also available with React, Svelte and Vue wrappers.
```

and given that we can drop the 3 extra ones.

Author: Like your proposal, will take it! Thanks @paulirish
